Azure AI Delivery Technical Program Manager
Multiple Locations, United States
Complete application
Save
Share job
Date posted
May 20, 2025
Work site
Up to 100% work from home
Travel
0-25 %
Role type
Individual Contributor
Profession
Program Management
Discipline
Technical Program Management
Employment type
Full-Time

Overview
With over 17,000 employees worldwide, the mission of the Customer Experience & Success (CE&S) organization is to empower customers to accelerate business value through differentiated customer experiences that leverage Microsoft’s products and services, ignited by our people and culture. Come join CE&S and help us build a future where customers achieve their business outcomes faster with technology that does more.
 
The Global Customer Success (GCS) organization, an organization within CE&S, is leading the effort to enable customer success on the Microsoft Cloud by harnessing leading, AI-powered capabilities and human expertise to deliver innovation solutions that accelerate business value, drive operational excellence and nurture long term loyalty.
 
In the Customer Success team, we are looking for people with a passion for delivering customer success. As a Technical Program Manager in the Worldwide team, you will partner with the Field Customer Success teams and other stakeholders to enable customers to achieve their AI Transformation outcomes, based on their investments in Microsoft AI technology. Leveraging your technical leadership and subject matter expertise, you will work across the One Microsoft team to ensure customers get value from their Azure AI investments. Azure is the most comprehensive, innovative, and flexible cloud platform today and Microsoft is hiring professionals that will drive customer cloud adoption for AI Innovation within the most important companies in the market.
 
This role is flexible in that you can work up to 100% from home other than required travel for customer, employee, business meetings as needed.  
 
Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

 
 
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
	• Bachelor's Degree AND 4+ years experience in engineering, product/technical program management, data analysis, or product development  
		○ OR equivalent experience. 
	• 2+ years experience managing cross-functional and/or cross-team projects. 
	• Experience in AI Platforms, Tools, Services, and application development on Azure or other cloud environments.
Preferred Qualifications:
	• Bachelor's Degree AND 8+ years experience in engineering, product/technical program management, data analysis, or product development 
		○ OR equivalent experience. 
	• 5+ years experience managing cross-functional and/or cross-team projects. 
	• 1+ year(s) experience reading and/or writing code (e.g., sample documentation, product demos).  
	• 5+ years experience working in a customer-facing role (e.g., internal and/or external)
	• 5+ years experience in delivery of projects, delivery strategy, or delivery management functions
	• Technical Certification in Cloud (e.g., Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google, security certifications)
 
Technical Program Management IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $117,200 - $229,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $153,600 - $250,200 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here:  https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

Microsoft will accept applications for the role until May 25, 2025.
 

Responsibilities
As a Technical Program Manager for Azure AI solutions within the Global Cloud & AI Customer Success organization, you will drive the delivery strategy for AI platforms, tools, and services in alignment with the overall solution play strategy and priorities. You will collaborate with the Technical Leads in WW Customer Success, Engineering, Marketing, Partner, and Delivery teams within Microsoft to align the delivery motions and execution guidance for Azure AI & Apps solutions. You will be responsible for landing this guidance with the Field Customer success teams and driving adoption of the delivery offerings and operational initiatives to grow the impact of these solutions for customer transformation projects. You will provide thought leadership and subject matter expertise in Azure AI Platform, Tools, Services, and Application development on Azure and have accountability for driving the sustained consumption growth and optimal customer experience for the AI Platform & Apps business.
 
You will partner with Azure AI Technical Lead teams in Global Customer Success to develop high quality Repeatable IP assets to enable the execution of the field-based Customer Success teams on the key motions for AI Platform and Apps. You will be accountable for the ensuring that we have the right offerings to meet market and customer needs and driving the adoption of these delivery offerings to realize value for customers.
 
You will develop the strategic delivery priorities in alignment with the overall strategy and target outcomes for the AI Platform & Apps solution. This includes the design, development, and deployment of operational initiatives and campaigns for execution by field and partner teams to achieve the target outcomes.
 
You will manage the state of the business analysis and updates for AI Platform, Services, and Apps and represent the insights and actions during weekly and monthly reviews.
 
You will be responsible for effective management of stakeholders across Field & Corp Customer Success, Sales, Engineering, Partner, and Marketing teams with the objective of driving the target outcomes in collaboration with them and their teams.
 
You will engage the team with Worldwide Learning SMEs to develop high quality skilling plans for the field Cloud Solution Architects and then drive the adoption of those plans to grow the depth and breadth of skills in the field and partner ecosystem for AI and Apps. Maintaining a highly skilled delivery capability in each of the field teams globally and high rates of adoption for Azure AI best practices will be a key measure of success.
 
You will collaborate with the Technical Lead teams to jointly serve as an effective thought leader along with your team to gather the Voice of the Customer and Field and leverage those insights to shape product roadmaps by influencing the product team leaders for impact across the customer scenarios and Azure services for these workloads.
 
You will engage with the most strategic customers as executive sponsor to accelerate digital and AI transformation and help customers build AI Platform and Apps solutions on Azure.
 
You will foster a continuous self-learning culture and drive technical intensity, to enable customers to realize desired business outcomes, including innovation. Model impactful community engagement, sharing learnings and best practices, and coach inclusivity. You will role model and champion the values of diversity and inclusion, coaching and learning from others, and customer-obsessed execution with strong cross-group collaboration and teamwork.
